- Event loops are the main coordinators of tasks in an asynchronous program. An event loop keeps track of all of the tasks that are to 
    be run asynchronously, and decides which of those tasks should be executed at a given moment. In other words, event loops handle 
    the tasks switching aspect (or the execution flow) of asynchronous programming.
    When I/O or Sleep, switch to task 2, then task 3 then task 4... task n, then back to task 1

- Coroutines a coroutine is a function that can suspend its execution before reaching return, and it can indirectly pass 
    control to another coroutine for some time.

- Futures are placeholders for the results returned from coroutines. These future objects are created as soon as coroutines are 
    initiated in the event loop, so futures can represent actual results, pending results (if the coroutines have not finished 
    executing), or even an exception (if that is what the coroutine will return).

The event loop is started and interacts with its task queue, in order to obtain the first task. The coroutine for this task and its
    corresponding future are then created. When a task switching has to take place inside of that coroutine, the coroutine suspends,
    and the next coroutine is called; all data and the context from the first coroutine are also saved.

If that coroutine is blocking (for example, input/output processing or sleeping), the flow of execution is released back to the event
    loop, which will move on the the next item in the task queue. The event loop will initiate the last item in the task queue before
    it switches back to the first coroutine, and will proceed the execturion from where it was last suspended.

# below is not 100% correct
async is put in front of the `def` keyword. The function will be interpreted by Python as a coroutine. So there has to be a 
    specification regarding when the task switching events will take place.
await is then used to specify where and when to give back the flow of execution to the event loop.

await passes function control back to the event loop. (It suspends the execution of the surrounding coroutine.) If Python 
    encounters an await f() expression in the scope of g(), this is how await tells the event loop, “Suspend execution of g() until 
    whatever I’m waiting on—the result of f()—is returned. In the meantime, go let something else run.”

    async def g():
        # Pause here and come back to g() when f() is ready
        r = await f()
        return r

Finally, when you use await f(), it’s required that f() be an object that is awaitable. Well, that’s not very helpful, is it? 
    For now, just know that an awaitable object is either (1) another coroutine or (2) an object defining an .__await__() 